Jason black was a lead tenor on his way
to the top his future was set with his
opera singing and with his talented wife
Tasha I love Jason from like the first
time we met I remember us probably six
weeks after we met and I just I heard
the Lord tell me this is gonna be the
man for your life this is who you're
going to marry and our dream was to move
to LA and to someday have a house in the
Hollywood Hills with a view and wanted
to have a family so we thought la would
be a great place to get started and it
was at least for the first six months of
their marriage that's when Jason's life
came to a crashing halt the blacks had
just bought a new home and had one last
thing to move a six-foot glass table so
heavy that Jason had to have somebody
help him carry it probably weighed about
a hundred pounds and as soon as they
walked out the front door and the kid
accidentally dropped his side of the
table and it cracks and what happened
like it cracked up like it just split up
the center and came straight down on
Jason's neck like a guillotine and
nearly severed his head off he was
losing immense amount of blood I mean
there was so much blood on our floor it
was just just just puddles around him so
Tasha wrapped a blanket around adjacent
snack to stop some of the bleeding you
wanna do she called 911 and parade all
Tasha could do was hope for the best at
this point she wasn't even allowed to
ride in the ambulance with Jason as he
was rushed off to the hospital do you
remember what the last thing was that he
had even said to your husband I love you
as they were willing him out I love you
i'll be there soon I'll be there soon i
love you
and I just remember praying the whole
time god I don't care what the outcome
is as long as he lives initially doctors
didn't think that was likely but they
pressed through a surgery there's my
husband hurting to Saul and I'm not
breathing on his own and as a wife and
someone who loves ears fell so much it's
to not be able to do anything that's the
worst of it well Jason made it through
surgery but not without a cost the
doctor said he'll never speak again and
you could not hear Jason above a whisper
Jason singing career was over the glass
had severed both of his jugular veins
and nicked his spine and his vocal cord
it was paralyzed as was Jason's right
arm so he spent a lot of time in his
room in bed silent you develop a system
of whistling and a whistle up you meant
yes and a whistle down meant no the
blacks had one other very big
complication financially he did not have
insurance when this accident happened
and so we had racked up oh gosh half a
million or more dollars worth of medical
bills we thought we were gonna have to
file bankruptcy but Tasha and Jason
never gave up every day I woke up and we
would pray and have faith that you know
some something's gonna change we don't
know what but something fast forward six
months and something did change I
remember waking up and we were lying in
bed and and all of the sudden I heard
hello it was just always like a dream
and then for me it's like after that I
don't remember him not being able to
speak or sing
but what was going on inside of Jason's
heart when he couldn't talk I was just
completely naked I had all of the the
skill set that I had I'm clothe myself
then you know all those all the
trappings of of self-sufficiency of a
power of talent were stripped so I mean
I'm right-handed God took my right arm
and he took my voice at that point the
only two things that I counted and
counted on the most in my life he
reminded me rather forcefully weren't
mine they're his and Jason didn't
complain because it wasn't the first
time he danced with death see this car
or what's left of it a few years before
the glass accident Jason was in a
horrific car crash it left him with
brain trauma for a little while but
ultimately with a stronger faith in God
I I gave everything to him I mean it it
says the fervent prayer of a righteous
man availeth much I was on in both
accidents those on countless prayer
chains I had full churches behind me
praying miracles happen because people
pray Jason and Tasha are a committed
couple to each other and to Christ
that's why today they're dedicated to
helping other people trust God in the
midst of their trials anything you want
to overcome you can overcome through
Christ anything you can be in peace in
your pain if you're looking if you look
into something greater than yourself and
you acknowledge that you know God's got
you in his hand he'll take care of it he
even took care of the blacks huge
medical bills God in one sentence wipe
that away the hospital forgave hundreds
of thousands of dollars and the rest was
taken care of by churches charities and
adjacent black been
at concert that's the power my god has
power to hold Jason and tasha's marriage
together during tough times power to get
the couple out of enormous debt and
power to heal what doctors said was
impossible when you got everybody who's
anybody in medicine who's already said
their piece and says that it can't be
but it still happens that's my god
life's
you